Add flatten command to ANTLR lexer and parser. (#3267)
opensearch-project/sql: docs/user/ppl/cmd/flatten.rst

Reviewer: Please review the ppl [spark flatten command](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-spark/blob/main/docs/ppl-lang/ppl-flatten-command.md?plain=1) to match syntax and parameters

Author: The OpenSearch Spark `flatten` command removes the original field (i.e. the field being flattened) from the output. This isn't consistent with Splunk. I have raised [this issue](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-spark/issues/1029) on the OpenSearch SQL to make it consistent with Splunk. Please let me know if you think we should do the opposite (i.e. update OpenSearch Spark to remove the field from the output), even if that is not consistent with Splunk.

Author: Second, OpenSearch Spark supports of "flattening" a struct _or_ an array, which is inconsistent with Splunk - in Splunk, the user needs to use `expand` for an array and `flatten` for a struct/map. @acarbonetto has raised [this issue](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-spark/issues/1024) in OpenSearch Spark to update that project to be consistent with Splunk. The intent of _this pull request_ was to match Splunk (i.e. do not support expanding arrays) and the intent of that Spark issue, and to only support `flatten` for struct/map objects. Support for arrays would be handled by the `expand` command issue: https://github.com/opensearch-project/sql/issues/3016

Author: Lastly, my plan was to add support for aliasing in a separate issue.

=============
flatten
=============

.. rubric:: Table of contents

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

Description
============

> Using ``flatten`` command to flatten an `object`. New fields are added to the search results corresponding

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ``flatten`` command flattens an `object`'s fields. New fields are added to the search results corresponding
```

Author: Thanks. That's better. Done.

> to each of the object's fields, while the object field itself is removed from the search results.

Reviewer 2: > the object field itself is removed from the search results

Is this necessary? Is this what the Spark command does?  The SPL2 splunk command does not remove the existing field from the results. 

Furthermore, the `fields` can be used to filter out unwanted (ie the flattened) fields.  Splunk example: https://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/SCS/current/SearchReference/flattencommandexamples#4._Removing_unwanted_fields_in_the_output

Author: Updated so that the original field is not removed. Raised corresponding issue in OpenSearch Spark to make the behaviour consistent: https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-spark/issues/1029

Author: Replicates discussion in [this thread](https://github.com/opensearch-project/sql/pull/3267#discussion_r1939770658). Resolving thread...

Syntax
============

> `flatten field`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`flatten <field>`
```

Author: Done. 👍

    +-----------+------------------+------------+---------------+----------+-----------+
    | Seattle   | null             | Washington | United States | 47.6061  | -122.3328 |
    | Vancouver | British Columbia | null       | Canada        | 49.2827  | -123.1207 |
    +-----------+------------------+------------+---------------+----------+-----------+

Example 3: Flatten a nested object field
========================================

PPL query::

    os> source=cities | flatten location.coordinates | fields name, location
    fetched rows / total rows = 2/2
    +-----------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
    | name      | location                                                                                           |
    +-----------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
    | Seattle   | {'state': 'Washington', 'country': 'United States', 'latitude': 47.6061, 'longitude': -122.3328}   |
    | Vancouver | {'province': 'British Columbia', 'country': 'Canada', 'latitude': 49.2827, 'longitude': -123.1207} |

>     +-----------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Author: Also supports flattening nested structs!
